Bugs (#12)
SolarEdgeTech/pyctuator: README.md

After installing Flask/FastAPI and Pyctuator, start by launching a local Spring Boot Admin instance:

```sh

> docker run --rm --name spring-boot-admin -p 8080:8080 michayaak/spring-boot-admin:2.2.2

Author: Darn, I wanted to upgrade the image to the version we use which uses 8080... applying a fix

 
Note that in order to control uvicorn's log level, you need to provide a logger object when instantiating it. For example:
```python

> myFastAPIServer = Server(4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
myFastAPIServer = Server(
```

Reviewer: Typo- I guess

Author: Yup. One day we need to make the pipeline run the code in `README.md`...
Thanks

Unless the example includes a docker-compose file, you'll need to start Spring Boot Admin using docker directly:
```sh
docker run -p 8080:8080 michayaak/spring-boot-admin:2.2.3-1
```

> (the docker image's tag represents the version of Spring Boot Admin, so if you need to use version `2.0.0`, use `michayaak/spring-boot-admin:2.0.0` instead, note its accepting connections on port 8082).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(the docker image's tag represents the version of Spring Boot Admin, so if you need to use version `2.0.0`, use `michayaak/spring-boot-admin:2.0.0` instead, note it accepts connections on port 8082).
```

Author: agree
